limit good morning Jesse morning man how
the heck are you what kind of have you
got on this morning I'm sporting a brand
new a fly hat uh it's uh it's bright
damn turn this way and it's an
interactive hat interactive yeah I can't
see which way point but hopefully yes
pointed towards your nose yeah yeah are
you ready I am uh I am ready geared
actually I don't know I know why you're
scared I think it's pretty cool yeah
just good does it Oh easy no reason I
should get away from my tranquil my gosh
what are you ready bud let's do it all
right there you go oh nice Danny's gonna
be tricky Oh
ladies and gentlemen asst the what is
this thing called the mqx you have won a
year know what to call you the blade in
QX
sake
is that a new camera 10 they tell us
like zoomed right in on me
that's good is that a patented get into
shot there oh yeah skinny is this 4d yet
d
flies just like a plane
we're going to try and do stuff with
this like we did the beaver we put a
parachute on it
you didn't take out the camera guy all
right landed somewhere cool backyard Jim
get it back you're not over is that go
way you got a hat in matriarch let me
live it in your head
we should do an undergrad so we get your
phone kind of here Ronnie Reagan come on
dude on the grass gonna hurt my ear
piece of cake this is called me what
what is this call uh guinea pig no no no
I'm not the kidney pie I've done this a
hundred times oh he's a professional
right just don't look down don't move
don't breathe
I'm kind of just squared dead center oh
how close so if you had a bigger hat I
would've stayed and cut
you